# Audit_Portfolio
Highlights of Audit Engagements

## Audit of Mobile Devices 
The Audit of Mobile Devices was an information system management audit of the agencies mobile devices, which included cellphones and laptops. To plan and conduct this audit I developed a risk-based IT audit strategy in compliance with IT audit standard COBIT 5 Mobile Device Management. The IT resource investments and prioritization of mobile devices was evaluated to determine alignment with IT governance structure. I flowcharted and assessed the systems functional controls to determine whether Metro ITS investment (in such system) supported the business objectives and that appropriate internal controls were embedded in the mobile device system to monitor and tracking the company’s mobile devices. I evaluated Third party management practices to determine that expected levels of controls are being adhered to by service providers, such as T-Mobile, AT&T. Audit recommendations were made to enhance the processes and procedures used to store and dispose sensitive information stored on mobile devices.

## Performance Audit of IT Asset Management - 16-ITS-P02(Internal)
The Performance Audit of IT Asset Management was an information system and business process audit of the agency's information technology assets. I developed the risk assessment where current internal controls were assessed and evaluated against ITS policies and current internal practices. I reviewed  IT policies, standards, procedures, and processes related to Metro’s IT asset management strategy and verified ITS compliance (or lack thereof) to these policy guidelines.  Additionally, I observed the use of critical ITS assets and assessed the business need of potential investment for complete IT asset recording keeping and tracking. The audit yielded recommendations to agency's ITS department to enhance; physical access to critical data center assets and procedures to properly remove and dispose of obsolete IT assets such as hard drives for information confidentiality and integrity. 
